[CC][Master] Update endpoints, standalone, timeout, subscription validation docs (#5169)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway.md

# Choreo Connect as a Standalone Gateway

Choreo Connect can be used as a **standalone** Gateway without the API Manager as the Control Plane. Choreo Connect is considered to be in *standalone mode* when `control-plane` is disabled in the [config]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/control-plane-configurations/#instructions-for-use). In standalone mode, 

- APIs can be deployed via apictl (CLI Tool). 
- apictl can be used to create API projects based on an open API definition. 

> - These API projects can be directly pushed to the adapter, which will deploy the APIs in the enforcer and the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These API projects can be directly pushed to the adapter, which will deploy the APIs in the Enforcer and the Router.
```

    - url: https://api.example.com/v1 
    ```

    Then, Choreo Connect will expose the API using the base path (or context) /v1 if the `x-wso2-basePath` extension is not present. Then editing the last part of the servers URL(/v1) will expose API as a different context.

>     If editing the servers URL is a must due to the changes in the actual back end service, then we can use the x-wso2-basePath extension as a fixed context and edit the servers URL. So API will be exposed with the same base bath as it was before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If editing the servers URL is a must due to the changes in the actual back end service, then you can use the x-wso2-basePath extension as a fixed context and edit the servers URL. So the API will be exposed with the same base path as it was before.
```
